Update custom template section in readme (#282)
DevExpress/devextreme-vue: README.md

You can customize widget elements' appearance via the corresponding template properties. 

To specify a DevExtreme Vue Component template's markup, use a [named slot](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components-slots.html#Named-Slots). You should also specify a [slot scope](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components-slots.html#Scoped-Slots) to access the template element's data.

> Note that the slot should always have a single root node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the slot should not contain more than one root element.
```

```html
<div id="app">
    <dx-list :items="items">

>         <template v-slot:item="{ data }">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <template #item="{ data }">
```

```html
<div id="app">
    <dx-list :items="items" item-template="my-template">

>         <template  v-slot:my-template="{ data }">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <template #my-template="{ data }">
```
